This file will be used for our demo to show that the application
meets the requirements for this part of the project. 


Requirement: Users will be able to create new accounts. The system 
             must record the date and time an account is created.

Commands:
             create_account
             test_username
             test_password
             test_password
             test_firstname
             test_lastname
             logout
             

Requirement: Access via login. The system must record dates and 
             times users access the application.
             
Commands:
             login 
             ryan_current
             123


Requirement: Users can search for new friends by email

Commands:
             search_friends
             dnarra

Requirement: Users can follow a friend. 

Commands:
             add_friend
             1
             list_friends


Requirement: The application must also allow an user to unfollow a friend

Commands:
             remove_friend 
             1
             list_friends


Requirement: Users will be able to search for movies by name, release 
             date, cast members, studio, and genre. The resulting list 
             shows the movie's name, the cast members, the director, 
             the length, and the ratings (MPAA and user). The list must 
             be sorted alphabetically (ascending) by movie's name and 
             release date.


Requirement: Users can sort by: movie name, studio, genre, and released 
             year. Results can be as-cending and descending.             


Requirement: Users will be able to create collections of movies.


Requirement: Users will be to see the list of all their collections
             by name in ascending order. The list shows Collection's 
             name, number of movies in the collection and total length 
             of the movies (in hours:minutes) in the collection


Requirement: Users can add and delete movies from their collection


Requirement: Users can modify the name of a collection. 


Requirement: Users can delete an entire collection


Requirement: Users can rate a movie (star rating)


Requirement: Users can watch a movie individually 


Requirement: Users can watch/play an entire collection. 


